“Little by little, one travels far.” — J.R.R. Tolkien
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” — Laozi
“Be careful who you trust. Salt and sugar look the same.” — Unkown
“Vulnerability sounds like faith and looks like courage.” — Brene Brown
“Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end.” — Seneca
“He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.” — Epictetus
“A long life may not be good enough, but a good life is long enough.” — Benjamin Franklin
“There is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself.” — Hannah Gadsby
“The art of life is not controlling what happens to us, but using what happens to us.” — Gloria Steinem
“Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.” — Marianne Williamson
“We tend to get what we expect.” — Norman Vincent Peale
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” — Will Rogers
“What good are wings, without the courage to fly.” — Harper Lee
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estee Lauder
“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” — William Shakespeare
“What you earn depends on what you learn.” — William J. Clinton 
“Be wise with speed; a fool at forty is a fool indeed.” — Edward Young
“It’s better to have a bad plan then no plan at all.” — Charles de Gaulle
“If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!” — Dolly Parton
“You are not what you’ve done. You are what you keep doing.” — Jack Butcher
“All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.” — J.R.R. Tolkien
“It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything.” — Chuck Palahniuk
“One person alone is not a full person; we exist in relation to others.” — Margaret Atwood
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
“You have a beautiful Soul.” — Unknown 
“Life is a promise; fulfill it.” — Mother Teresa
“Find joy in life’s simple treasures.” — Unknown
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” — Oprah Winfrey
“Not all those who wander are lost.” — J.R.R. Tolkien
“The most effective way to do it, is to do it.” — Amelia Earhart
“The road to success is always under construction.” — Lily Tomlin
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Elliot
“A chance happening this week .Will reveal your destiny.” — Unknown
“There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.” — George Sand
“Always tell the truth – it’s the easiest thing to remember.” — David Mamet
“Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life.” — John Wooden
“You are not what you’ve done. You are what you keep doing.” — Jack Butcher
“Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.” — Og Mandino
“You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.” — Michael Jordan
“Pick another fortune cookie.” — Unknown
“You will be hungry again in one hour.” — Unknown
“Loving yourself isn’t vanity. It’s sanity.” — Andre Gide
“Dogs have owners, cats have staff.” — Margaret Benson
“Foot: A device for finding furniture in the dark.” — Unknown
“Moderate your appetite so that with a little you may be content.” — Unknown
“Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.” — Oscar Wilde
“Only listen to fortune cookie, disregard all other fortune telling units.” — Unknown
“If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments.” — Earl Wilson
“I love being married. It’s so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.” — Rita Rudner
“Do or do not, there is no try.” ― Yoda
“You will overcome difficult times.” — Unknown
“Success is never wondering what if.” — Unknown
“Happiness is not pleasure – it is victory.” — Zig Ziglar
“All you need is love. And fortune cookies.” — Unknown
“Love the life you live. Live the life you love.” —  Bob Marley
“Success lies in the hands of those who wants it.” — Unknown 
“You will stumble into the Happiness of your Life.” — Unknown
“When one door closes another door opens. ” — Alexander Graham Bell
“Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” — John Wooden
“Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.” — Unknown
“We write our own destiny; we become what we do.” — Madame Chiang Kai-shek
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” — Walter Bagehot
“Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.” — C. S. Lewis
“Live, think and act for today. Tomorrow may be too late. Lucky Numbers 23, 17, 45, 32, 18, 38.” — Unknown
